last weekend my local stamp store was
having making takes it was her five year
anniversary on in the store called the
creative corner in work tomorrow she
gave everybody a pin and we did a couple
making pics made this card isn't cute
and we made this charm it's made with
the tim holtz fragments some hero arts
stamps and these are hero arts art
flowers my daughter took it made a
necklace out of it I also won this stamp
this is from hero arts also so cute and
I bought this one I love this it's
always sold out at two peas in a bucket
so I'm glad I found it in her shop I'm
going to be doing some shorter easier
videos now because I was taking a lot of
time editing my videos I think that's
why I haven't done one in a while and
I'm going to start doing more now and I
want everybody to watch for I'm going to
have blog candy on my blog for my
birthday I have a 40th birthday coming
up on August fourth so my blog is
wwwprivatehotwebcamscom out sure what
I'm going to have yet but look out for
that bye